Son son
Mom, you're awake
Mom thought she'd never see you again.
You're fine
Who did this to you?
It's Su Yan
So it's not Mu Zhizhi, it's not him
Son passed this time
The ant thought about it.
If you really like Miss Mu
Just go after it.
What are you doing here?
Back then, the abandoned child still had the face to come back
I also have difficulties
Son, your father does have difficulties
Mom has something to tell him
Hello Mr. Chen
Is Muzhi with you?
He's not with me.
I can't get in touch with him.
His brother already knows
He shares a body with a cat
His brother is really obsessed with Muzhi
What would I have done to him?
Let's split up and find out
Is there something wrong with Miss Mu?
Is it possible that this day is dangerous?
Then hurry up and find Miss Mu
I'll take care of your mother.
Can't take care of my mom
I can't spare you.
brother
Brother, what are you doing tying me up?